feat: cleanup text for submission (#62)
lamalab-org/chembench-paper: src/tex/appendix.tex

\clearpage
\subsection{Refusal detection}

> \Glspl{llm} typically undergo refusal training to prevent harmful or undesirable outputs. As a result, models may decline to answer questions they perceive as potentially adversarial prompts.

Reviewer: I think this sounds a bit better
```suggestion
\Glspl{llm} typically undergo refusal training to prevent harmful or undesirable outputs. As a result, models may decline to answer questions perceived as potentially adversarial prompts.
```
